Documentation Standard Updates (#68)
fivetran/dbt_google_ads: README.md

</p>

# Google Ads Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_google_ads/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Google Ads data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/google-ads) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/google-ads#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Google Ads source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_google_ads_source).
- Enables you to better understand the performance of your ads across varying grains:

> - Providing an account, campaign, ad group, keyword, ad, and utm level reports.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Providing an account, campaign, ad group, keyword, ad, and utm level reports.
```

- Materializes output models designed to work simultaneously with our [multi-platform Ad Reporting package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting).
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Google Ads data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_google_ads/).

<!--section="google_ads_transformation_model-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_google_ads/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_google_ads/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |
```
